README.md, before:

# Wasspord
The Password Managment Program
By Tanner Ghosen

<b>Requirements:</b>
<ul>
<li>Visual Studio 2019-2022</li>
<ul>
  <li>C#</li>
  <li>.NET Framework 4.8</li>
</ul>
</ul>

# Summary
## What is this?
This is a password management program for storing passwords in a centralized way,
so if you use multiple browsers or devices you can use this program to record those details.

## How does it work?
There are methods for saving and loading multiple users details, creating, deleting and updating user accounts, and displaying the accounts information, specifically where the account is used (location, like a website or somewhere else), the username and password. This is done by storing it in a dictionary that is initialized with the load method, and saved to a text file to be read by the load method by the save method. There is flexibility after the accounts are created and added to the list by allowing you to update the password (by providing where the account is used, the account name, and password) and delete the account (only needing to provide the location and account name).
As added bonuses ported over from the sister project [Password Generator API](https://github.com/tannerghosen/PasswordGeneratorAPI), Wasspord includes Password Validation and Password Generation as added bouses.

## How do you build it?
Simply download the repo and open it up with Visual Studio 2019 - 2022, with C# and .NET Framework 4.8 already installed in the IDE, and run it inside the studio to build the program.

Commit message:

Rewrote a section of README, preplanning new user-inputtable .wasspord folder location functionality.

README.md, after:

# Wasspord
The Password Management Program
By Tanner Ghosen

<b>Requirements:</b>
<ul>
<li>Visual Studio 2019-2022</li>
<ul>
  <li>C#</li>
  <li>.NET Framework 4.8</li>
</ul>
</ul>

# Summary
## What is this?
This is a password management program for storing passwords in a centralized way,
so if you use multiple browsers or devices you can use this program to record those details.

## How does it work?
In short: it has functionality to save, update, and delete accounts and their passwords from the accounts dictionary (where these details are loaded from/saved into .wasspord files).
As added bonuses ported over from the sister project [Password Generator API](https://github.com/tannerghosen/PasswordGeneratorAPI), Wasspord includes Password Validation and Password Generation as added bouses.

## How do you build it?
Simply download the repo and open it up with Visual Studio 2019 - 2022, with C# and .NET Framework 4.8 already installed in the IDE, and run it inside the studio to build the program.
